Second, there is really no one available.
Let a woman fight
Hahahahaha
I am strong in summer
Nothing to do with Nanning
I only need one person to defeat you, Liu Guiying of the Three Kingdoms
You just wait until you lose
Go back to the nest in the dog cage and be a concubine
Get ready for battle
Princess Zhang's status is so noble
Have you ever thought that you would do this swordsmanship today?
The princess doesn't speak
Are you afraid?
Just reject more than shoot
I was just thinking
Since there is a competition
That should sign a life and death certificate
Life or death without complaint
If you are afraid, you can kneel down and admit defeat
Hmph, since you want to use the aggressive method to deceive me and wait for me to admit defeat
Too smart
It's just that I don't have money for this life and death situation
Her Majesty the Queen Mother
I dispatched my southern army to surround the competition field
Sure to keep the princess
Besides, the princess is so calm
Must have figured out a plan
Let's take a look first
Don't just do this